fix: set threshold to model tolerance when solution is infeasible (#684)
opencobra/memote: docs/experimental_data.rst

experiments can be found at directories stated under ``path:`` relative to the
location of the file.

Minimum growth threshold
------------------------

> Both growth and essentiality experiments require a threshold for the biomass
> function to determine if the model is growing. This value can be set via the
> ``min_growth`` option in the ``experiments.yml`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both growth and essentiality experiments require a minimal biomass
function value to determine if the model predicts viability. This value can be set via the
``minimal_growth_rate`` option in the ``experiments.yml`` file.
```
